README.md, before:

# Project Readme

## Architecture

- <b>Backend</b> : The backend is written in TypeScript and uses the Elysia framework. It consists of a single entry point file src/index.ts which sets up the Elysia server and defines the routes and handlers for various endpoints. The server listens on port 3000.

- <b>Frontend</b> : The frontend consists of an HTML file public/index.html and a JavaScript file public/script.js. The HTML file contains the basic structure of the bookstore webpage, while the JavaScript file handles fetching data from the backend API and updating the UI dynamically.

- <b>Database</b> : The project uses a SQLite database to store book information. The database is initialized and accessed using the BooksDatabase class defined in src/db.ts. The database is located at database/books.db (bun:sqlite).

<hr>

## Commands

Install dependencies :

```bash
bun install
```

If something doesn't work proprely, use this command to install the missing dependencies :

```bash
npm install
```

Production :

```bash
bun start
```

<hr>

## Packages

- `Elysia` A lightweight web framework for TypeScript.
- `@elysiajs/html` A package for rendering HTML templates in Elysia.
- `mongoose` A MongoDB object modeling tool.
- `bun-types` A package providing type definitions for the Bun framework.

<hr>

## Project Structure

```js
📁 config
|__ tsconfig.json
📁 database
|__ books.db
📁 public
├── index.html
|__ script.js
📁 src
├── db.ts
|__ index.ts
.env
bun.lockb
package.json
```

Commit message:

cors added, swagger added, swagger configured succesfully - In Development...

README.md, after:

# Project Readme

## Architecture

- <b>Backend</b> : The backend is written in TypeScript and uses the Elysia framework. It consists of a single entry point file src/index.ts which sets up the Elysia server and defines the routes and handlers for various endpoints. The server listens on port 3000.

- <b>Frontend</b> : The frontend consists of an HTML file public/index.html and a JavaScript file public/script.js. The HTML file contains the basic structure of the bookstore webpage, while the JavaScript file handles fetching data from the backend API and updating the UI dynamically.

- <b>Database</b> : The project uses a SQLite database to store book information. The database is initialized and accessed using the BooksDatabase class defined in src/db.ts. The database is located at database/books.db (bun:sqlite).

<hr>

## Commands

Install dependencies :

```bash
bun install
```

If something doesn't work proprely, use this command to install the missing dependencies :

```bash
npm install
```

Production :

```bash
bun start
```

<hr>

## Packages

- `Elysia` A lightweight web framework for TypeScript.
- `@elysiajs/html` A package for rendering HTML templates in Elysia.
- `mongoose` A MongoDB object modeling tool.
- `bun-types` A package providing type definitions for the Bun framework.
- `html` A package for rendering HTML templates.
- `swagger` A package for generating API documentation.
- `cors` A package for enabling CORS in Elysia.

<hr>

## Project Structure

```js
📁 config
|__ tsconfig.json
📁 database
|__ books.db
📁 public
├── index.html
|__ script.js
📁 src
├── db.ts
|__ index.ts
.env
bun.lockb
package.json
```
